I don't have a guts.
You're not gonna do your right boy hands, aren't ya?
You're gonna get done.
He wants you to do it.
Oh, no!
Look, how do the bullets?
Yes, the bullets!
Right now, I officially sterilized.
Bitch, pretend to fight duty.
Is it hard?
No, it's fine.
I just don't want to feel spoiled to you.
Okay, but next time you can take risks like this and, you know, I used to it.
Next time, if your lies go straight to me,
I'll get such rules no matter what cost.
Then the use to it.
Next time, if your lies go straight to me,
I'll get such rules no matter what cost.
Then the use to it.
A comfy in detention last night?
New plans ready.
Don't mess this up, okay?
Remember, feet and hand, it must be clean.
Mm-hmm.
Or, or maybe you want to get in locked up.
I don't know guys, how you could do that.
Well, someone talked to me.
It's so ruined.
All the jewelry in the studio was taken out and a lot of it was broken.
There was nothing to see.
Treshed, designed, smashed prototypes.
We are dead in the water.
Don't tell me what we can do.
Just do.
We could do the best show, guys.
Classics.
Classics?
You think that we will make headlines?
We need bold.
We need new.
Maybe certain people have the interest in life who wouldn't have this conversation.
How are you saying this is my fault?
Wait.
There's another way.
I draw it for the fashion show.
I hope you can take a look.
I want my cat for smashing games and shredded fabrics.
Time is one thing we don't have, sweetheart.
Pretty sketches.
I want my cat for smashing games and shredded fabrics.
Time is one thing we don't have, sweetheart.
Yeah, okay, but think about rebuilding.
Yeah?
We can take food left and make something new.
Like, okay, our classic style, but fresher.
I think it can keep our company alive and to give our customers something new.
Too slow, too risky.
Okay, give me a week.
Yeah.
I leave the team, and after all, everyone will talk about it.
Do you promise you will finish it, we'll be in a week?
I will try.
Don't let me down.
She will make it.
No, Bert.
I don't have time.
Why are you here?
I'm playing my spelling table.
And you?
Jack asked me to help you.
Jack.
Yeah.
You better play.
The name of the man you're talking about is Jason.
Okay, you got me.
The thing is, I just miss you.
So maybe we should go for a ride?
I can't.
But if you're here and you have time, you can make me a coffee.
Sure.
Thanks.
My beautiful Cinderella.
I fell in love with you at first sight.
I can't even explain why.
But now I see who your heart belongs to.
I think it's time for me to wait.
Good morning.
I assume you have a damn sleep.
Yes, that's true.
And this looks like you're really good.
Good.
But still, show is half hour away.
Oh my god.
Thanks for the breakfast.
Don't go.
You can't go by taxi or subway.
Take my car.
Oh my god.
It wasn't safe in my career.
Oh.
Boss, are you sure about it?
Maybe we should get a professional makeup artist.
I do not know.
There's anything I can mention, darling.
Trust me.
Okay.
But if it messes up my debut, it's on you.
Done.
Oh.
It's impressive.
That's better what I can do.
So, our teaching can transfer any form.
Just this time.
Don't step on your hand.
Do your way to start them.
Leah.
Didn't you ask what you really like?
It's you.
When you first time see you, I recognize your work.
I think that some empty space will make it even better.
You work harder.
And by you, I'll cook usually.
I like all about you.
And if you would be my fiancée, I'll give you all my love.
Will you be my fiancée?
Will you be my wife?
Well, again.
Not now.
Okay, wait.
You see?
During some of the right place, right now.
So, you're saying that you're choosing me for a loan?
That you're losing that opportunity to propose.
Like I said, there is some battle you shouldn't fight for a loan.
Well, again, I've worked hard to train you over the years.
And this is how you repay me?
I will meet your life first.
I have no interest in this doubt what you tried to teach me.
My life is my choice.
Like this is not a place for your kind.
Maybe cleaning clothes and the toe?
Those might match your budget.
I can guarantee that your design will never appear in this fashion show.
I have a good time with you.
Cheers.
Cheers, but for what?
For me, working so hard to be in that design industry.
She's my fiancé.
I will not, if anyone wrote her.
Well, yeah.
I didn't get asked what girl I like.
It's you.
I like all about you.
I'll give you all my love.
So is you.
You're too much.
Okay, see you.
Next time, if you realize.
It goes straight to me.
I will get the truth no matter what cost.
Leah, would you marry me?